README.md, before:

# Q1 Project - Recognize Inc.

Everything is up-to-date now. Currently, the transcription is not working. It's an ongoing process. 

Enhancement - Change from a static page to a dynamic website with Vue.JS or Angular2.JS with Node.JS.

Please watch the video demo for current features.

Web Demo: http://graciechristine-recognize-inc.surge.sh
Video Demo: https://youtu.be/k-C_eZLznGE

## Project Description
The ability to upload a video file or simply record live on the website in the Chrome browser, transcribe any language from speech to text, then having the option to translate text to another language.

## What problem does your project solve?
On Chrome browser, it has  the ability to transcribe a live speech or a video file into text for editing, translating, and much more.

## Who has this problem?
- People with hearing disabilities
- People unfamiliar with a particular language
- People wanting a written document


## How will your project solve this problem?
On Chrome browser, it has  the ability to transcribe a live speech or a video file into text for editing, translating, and much more.

## What inputs does it need?
A video file with someone speaking clearly or a mic for person the record directly.

## What outputs does it produce?
Text (transcribed and translated.)

## What web API(s) will it use?
Web Speech API - Transcribe video speech into text.
Good Translate API - Translate English text to another language.

## What technologies do you plan to use?
HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Framework, JavaScript, jQuery

## Feature list
1. Video Recording or Upload Video
2. Replaying Video
3. Transcription
4. Translation

Commit message:

Updating package to deploy to Github. Success. Updating README.md to reflect project timeline.

README.md, after:

# Q1 Project - Recognize Inc.

Sept 26, 2017 Update
- Web Demo: https://graciechristine.github.io/recognize-inc/
  - Build and Burn!
  - Rebuilding as a React application.
  - Redesigning page layout.

Sept 12, 2017 Update
- Web Demo: http://graciechristine-recognize-inc.surge.sh
  - Build and Burn! Redesigning page layout.
  - Updating API calls.

Mar 9, 2017 Original
- Video Demo: https://youtu.be/k-C_eZLznGE
  - A static Bootstrap-themed website for layout.
  - Focus heavily on API calls for Speech Transcription and Text Translation.

## Project Description
The ability to upload a video file or simply record live on the website in the Chrome browser, transcribe any language from speech to text, then having the option to translate text to another language.

## What problem does your project solve?
On Chrome browser, it has  the ability to transcribe a live speech or a video file into text for editing, translating, and much more.

## Who has this problem?
- People with hearing disabilities
- People unfamiliar with a particular language
- People wanting a written document


## How will your project solve this problem?
On Chrome browser, it has  the ability to transcribe a live speech or a video file into text for editing, translating, and much more.

## What inputs does it need?
A video file with someone speaking clearly or a mic for person the record directly.

## What outputs does it produce?
Text (transcribed and translated.)

## What web API(s) will it use?
Web Speech API - Transcribe video speech into text.
Good Translate API - Translate English text to another language.

## What technologies do you plan to use?
HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap Framework, JavaScript, jQuery

## Feature list
1. Video Recording or Upload Video
2. Replaying Video
3. Transcription
4. Translation
